welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Bachelorette week 9 its hometowns
weekend we're down to just four guys
left which means I can almost stop
watching this dumb but hilarious show
first up is pilot Peter who's from
California and for their date he shows
that he can indeed fly a plane they go
on an awesome plane ride his family he's
really nice and funny probably the best
family of the bunch Peter seems to be
head over heels for Hannah
so his mom's concerned that if Hannah
doesn't choose him he's gonna have his
heart broken Peters told us a few times
that he's in love but he hasn't told
Hannah yet he's waiting for that perfect
moment next up is Tyler of Jupiter
Florida
Tyler takes her on a sweet boat ride a
good move for him cuz he gets to show
off his abs he's got a nice family to
his dad if you remember right before he
came on The Bachelorette I had some sort
of illness he seems pretty well
recovered except something with his
vocal cords so he's got this deep raspy
voice which just makes him sound really
wise you can't plan to fall in love yeah
just hit you right between the eyes you
know now we're going to Georgia for Luke
P instead of an awesome ride on a planer
boat he takes her to his church group
and they pray everyone here loves Luke
they all say he's just the nicest
humblest guy which is you know basically
the opposite of everything we've seen at
the end of the night Luke says I love
you and Hannah's totally in he went from
week one front runner to maybe going
home every single week I think he's a
front-runner again and last ups the guy
who's been the low-key frontrunner since
the beginning
Jed the singer he takes her to the
recording studio and he's to write a
song together it's not his best work
he's got a big family that seems nice
except they're all very skeptical of
Anna I've told your son that I'm falling
in love with him and I'm like do you say
that I'm very protective over Jed him
potentially falling in love with you I'm
like I'm not sure that it's a good thing
they keep bringing up the concern that
he's not ready to get married he's just
starting off on his music career so by
the end of the night Hanna's not sure
about Jed anymore so at the rose
ceremony Hanna's got an arrow the four
guys down to just three it's a difficult
choice the only obvious one to get rid
of his Luke P but Hanna still seems to
really like him luckily for her the
rules of the game can change as much
as they need for added surprise and
drama so she's allowed to keep all four
guys going into next week the previews
for next week show some of the epic
drama they've been teasing all season
big stuff is going down in the fantasy
suites so tune in next week for more man
of recaps
[Music]